householdsConsumptionStrategy.propensityOOI 0.40 0.90 Consumption
householdsConsumptionStrategy.propensityOOW 0.00 0.50 Consumption
capitalTaxesStrategy.profitTaxRate 0.00 0.50 Taxes
capitalTaxesStrategy.wealthTaxRate 0.00 0.50 Taxes
banksTaxesStrategy.profitTaxRate 0.00 0.50 Taxes
consumptionTaxesStrategy.profitTaxRate 0.00 0.50 Taxes
householdsTaxesStrategy.incomeTaxRate 0.00 0.50 Taxes
capitalFirmPrototype.loanLength 10 100 Capital_Duration
capitalFirmPrototype.capitalAmortization 10 100 Capital_Duration
capitalFirmPrototype.capitalDuration 10 100 Capital_Duration
banksDividendsStrategy.profitShare 0.1 0.99 Dividends
capitalDividendsStrategy.profitShare 0.1 0.99 Dividends
consumptionDividendsStrategy.profitShare 0.1 0.99 Dividends
capitalFirmPrototype.capitalProductivity 0.1 8.0 Productivity
capitalFirmPrototype.laborProductivity 1.0 12.0 Productivity
capitalFirmPrototype.capitalLaborRatio 12.0 100.0 Productivity
bankPrototype.riskAversionC 0.0 70.0 BankRiskAversion
bankPrototype.riskAversionK 0.0 70.0 BankRiskAversion
governmentPrototype.fixedLaborDemand 100 1600 GovSpending
governmentPrototype.unemploymentBenefit 0.0 0.7 GovSpending
centralBankPrototype.advancesInterestRate 0.0 0.02 MonPolicy
centralBankPrototype.reserveInterestRate 0.0 0.01 MonPolicy
consumptionInvestmentStrategy.targetCapacityUtlization 0.5 1.0 InvestmentStrat
consumptionInvestmentStrategy.targetCashFlow 0.01 0.09 InvestmentStrat
consumptionInvestmentStrategy.capacityWeight 0.01 0.20 InvestmentStrat
consumptionInvestmentStrategy.cashFlowRateWeight 0.01 0.20 InvestmentStrat






